# CyberNuke
CyberNuke is a Nuke top down [Moba](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiplayer_online_battle_arena) and [Battle Royal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_royale_game) fusion.

Gameplay in CyberNuke consists of teams which fight against monster pits for the goal of acquiring stronger abilities. These monster pits come in several levels of strength forcing players to fight weaker monster pits so that they can become strong enough to challenge stronger monster pits. As the game progresses and teams begin to challege stronger and more rare monster pit, they will be forced into skirmishes between one another over control of the monster pit. The game ends with a team victorious if they are either the last team standing or the team which took down the final monster pit.

A key gameplay feature in CyberNuke is the acquisition of newer and stronger abilities. These abilities will drop upon the complete take down of a monster pit. Each monster pit in the game has a defined collection of abilties which it can drop, where these abilities scale in strength with the difficulty of the pit. This leads to a natural progress of strength, a strength treadmill if you want to call it, which players must maintain pace to keep up with other players much like League of Legends, Dota, and many other Moba games.

The placement and rarity of each monster pit is also a key feature of the gameplay. By design, weaker monsters will be more abundant and will be distributed more evenly across the map. This contrasts stronger monsters which will be less abundant and will be distributed more closly to the center. The result of this design is that players will naturally collect to a smaller area of the map as time progresses, effectively acting like a closing map border line in pubg, fortnite, and many other battle royal games.
